Project 2 Team Results Analysis - Team Hulk

Overall, our team worked very well together. Our strengths were how well we communicated and our willingness to research/ask questions. Our weaknesses were finding time to meet in-person and balancing the work load from other classes. While each team member may not have contributed equal amounts, we can each say that we assisted in some part of our NUber application.

Our team had a hard time starting the actual project. First, we found it difficult to meet in-person but we knew meeting in person would be beneficial. Once we were able to meet in person, we still had a difficult time starting the project because none of us were familiar with the programs (example PostMan and JavaScript). We also struggled with our in-person meetings because we spent most of the time downloading and researching instead of writing code for NUber.

When it came to disagreements and deciding on our extra requirements, our team did not have any major conflict. We were all good at communicating and brainstorming ideas. If we did have any disagreements while deciding on how to do the project, we were able to exchange ideas successfully and reason with each other without any problems. We did have to change 2 of our initial 4 extra requirements. After presenting our initial 4 extra requirements to the Product Owner, we did not receive positive feedback on 2 of the requirements. These 2 requirements were: (1) Allow drivers to pick their route from the options Google provides them and (2) Allow users to schedule a NUber for a later time. Since these seemed too difficult for the given timeframe, so we ended up choosing different requirements to ensure we could complete them all: (1) Allow 2 different sizes of NUber vehicles and (2) Allow drivers to have an icon/image.

As mentioned above, our strong points were communication and our willingness to research/ask questions. We always kept in contact over Slack and stayed after each class, even if only for a couple minutes, to chat about our progress. Although meeting in-person was difficult, we were still able to make it work, even if not all team members could be present. We also communicated well with our professor, who also acted as the Product Owner. With our regular questions to our professor and each team member's individual research, we were able to figure out a lot.

Overall, Team Hulk worked well together. Given the time constraints and trying to balance projects from other courses, we were able to work together and communicate regularly. Although some team members definitely did more work than others, we each put in time and work and contributed to the project.
